docs(CSS): update scroll-timeline shorthand property (#25105)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/scroll-timeline-axis/index.md

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`scroll-timeline-axis`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property is used to specify the scrollbar direction that will be used to provide the timeline for a scroll-driven animation.

In a scroll-timeline animation, the animation progress is determined by a scrollbar position rather than time or some other dimension.

> The [`scroll-timeline-name`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scroll-timeline-name) property defines a name that can be used to identify an element as the source of a scroll-timeline; the `scroll-timeline-axis` defines the horizontal or vertical scrollbar in the container that will provide the timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`scroll-timeline-name`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scroll-timeline-name) property defines a name that can be used to identify an element as the source of a scroll-timeline; the `scroll-timeline-axis` defines the direction of scrollbar in the container that will provide the timeline.
```

Reviewer: not longer limited to these two values.

## Examples

### Defining the axis of the scroll timeline

In this example, a scroll timeline named `squareTimeline` is defined using the `scroll-timeline-name` property on the element with the ID `container`, and then this name is applied to the animation on the `#square` element using `animation-timeline: squareTimeline`.

> To demonstrate the effect of `scroll-timeline-axis`, the inline (non-default) scrollbar is used in this example to drive the rotation of the square.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate the effect of `scroll-timeline-axis`, a `horizontal` (non-default) scrollbar is used in this example to drive the rotation of the square.
```

Reviewer: had to revert my earlier suggestion b/c the example still uses horizontal. we can change later.

</div>
```

#### CSS

The CSS for the container sets it as the source of a scroll timeline named `squareTimeline` using the `scroll-timeline-name` property.
The scroll axis is set by `scroll-timeline-axis: horizontal;` so that the _horizontal scrollbar_ position will determine the animation timeline.

> The height and width of the container are set to `200px`. The container is also set to create scrollbars if it overflows (the CSS `height` and `width` rules on the `stretcher` element below do make the content overflow its container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The height and width of the container are set to `200px`. The container is also set to create scrollbars if it overflows (the CSS `height` and `width` rules on the `stretcher` element below make the content overflow its container).
```
